Add Known Issue for 1.18 change with kubectl run (#28)
cloudnativedevops/demo: README.md

We have added the `hello-helm3` examples here with updated instructions if you would like to use the latest version of Helm.

You can read more about the changes between version 2 and 3 [here](https://v3.helm.sh/docs/faq/#changes-since-helm-2).

### `kubectl run` and Pod/Deployment v1.18 change

In the 1.18 release of Kubernetes the `kubectl run` command changed from creating a `Deployment` by default to creating a `Pod` instead.

We have a few examples where we use `kubectl run` to get familiar with running a container in k8s.

> Later we to discuss why using the declarative `kubectl apply -f...` is preferred rather than using commands like `create`, `edit` or `run` directly because those changes are not captured in source control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Later we discuss why using the declarative `kubectl apply -f...` is preferred over the imperative `create`, `edit` or `run`, because your version-controlled YAML files always reflect the real state of the cluster.
```

In our `kubectl run` example we show the output as `deployment.apps "demo" created` but on version 1.18 instead you will instead see `pod/demo created`.

> The following port-forward example would instead be: `kubectl port-forward pod/demo 9999:8888`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subsequent port-forward example would instead be: `kubectl port-forward pod/demo 9999:8888`
```
